So, what are the ways to go? What are our choices?
Well, basically, we have either the cloud or the on-premise,
or on-prem for short.
If we take the on-prem road,
we have to think about heterogeneity,
scalability, and elasticity of the tools.
While heterogeneity is rather clear and scalability because we're going to add and add.
Over time, our data storage is going to become bigger or will have bigger needs.
Elasticity means the idea that you actually one day you need that you can not only grow,
but you can grow and shrink the amount of resources that you need.
Of course, you should not also think of the resources only,
but you should think of the IT staff skills and all the location as we said previously.
Most importantly, the cost of ownership.
I mean, this is the road where you buy stuff.
As opposed to the cloud road where you have
a lower barrier to entry because you don't buy, effectively, you rent.
You can always change your opinion if you don't like something.
You made a wrong decision,
we can change it easily.
Of course, scalability and elasticity are out of the box.
We can simply add and remove resources.
Usually, a clear criticism sometimes for
the cloud is the idea that the operational costs are high.
So, this is to compare for example if you rent an apartment,
you might be paying a high rent that
you might as well have bought an apartment from scratch.
That might indeed be the case of course.
The complexity and heterogeneity
is not going to disappear because we went through the cloud.